docs(updating): document automated migration tool and zone.js polyfills setup for v9 (#4605)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/updating/9-0.md

For a **complete list of breaking changes** from Ionic 8 to Ionic 9, please refer to [the breaking changes document](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-framework/blob/main/BREAKING.md#version-9x) in the Ionic Framework repository.
:::

## Automated Migration

> Before working through the changes below by hand, you can run the Ionic migration tool. It scans your app, applies the mechanical breaking changes it can make safely, and prints a checklist of the ones that need manual work, each with a file, a line, and a link back to this guide. It reads your framework and version from `package.json`, so it only applies the changes that affect your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before manually working through the changes below, you can run the Ionic migration tool. It scans your app, automatically applies the breaking changes that can be safely migrated, and prints a checklist of the remaining updates that require manual work. Each item includes the affected file, line number, and a link to the corresponding section of this guide. Because the tool reads your framework and version from `package.json`, it only applies migrations that are relevant to your app.
```

<!-- TODO(FW-7579): finalize the published command at GA (npx @ionic/migrate vs bundling into @ionic/cli). -->

```shell
npx @ionic/migrate
```

> :::warning

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be before the command?

Author: It can be? The tool, by default, will not run if you haven't committed your changes or aren't in a git repo. This was more supposed to be like a "If you experienced this issue, here's how you can get around it" callout than anything

Reviewer: Up to you then, I am fine either way.

Author: [5fc1931](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-docs/pull/4605/commits/5fc19313dd29dac8f3c2e3e5828e44de899fdcd9)

I looked again and I think it does look better before the command. Thanks!

> <!-- TODO(FW-7579): finalize the published command at GA (npx @ionic/migrate vs bundling into @ionic/cli). -->

Reviewer 2: Please use the MDX comment form We migrated off HTML comments in #4629.

```suggestion
{/* TODO(FW-7579): finalize the published command at GA (npx @ionic/migrate vs bundling into @ionic/cli). */}
```

Author: In [10feca7](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-docs/pull/4605/commits/10feca7346dc5bc29851fe772b3f3a4782c937d2) I removed this completely since we deployed `@ionic/migrate` yesterday
